# What are some common HTTP status codes?

#### Informational 1xx
  - 100 Continue
  - 101 Switching Protocols
#### Successful 2xx
  - 200 OK
  - 201 Created
  - 202 Accepted
  - 203 Non-Authoritative Information
  - 204 No Content
  - 205 Reset Content
  - 206 Partial Content
#### Redirection 3xx
  - 300 Multiple Choices
  - 301 Moved Permanently
  - 302 Found
  - 303 See Other
  - 304 Not Modified
  - 305 Use Proxy
  - 307 Temporary Redirect
#### Client Error 4xx
  - 400 Bad Request
  - 401 Unauthorized
  - 402 Payment Required
  - 403 Forbidden
  - 404 Not Found
  - 405 Method Not Allowed
  - 406 Not Acceptable
  - 407 Proxy Authentication Required
  - 408 Request Timeout
  - 409 Conflict
  - 410 Gone
  - 411 Length Required
  - 412 Precondition Failed
  - 413 Request Entity Too Large
  - 414 Request-URI Too Long
  - 415 Unsupported Media Type
  - 416 Requested Range Not Satisfiable
  - 417 Expectation Failed
#### Server Error 5xx
  - 500 Internal Server Error
  - 501 Not Implemented
  - 502 Bad Gateway
  - 503 Service Unavailable
  - 504 Gateway Timeout
  - 505 HTTP Version Not Supported

# What is the difference between a GET request and a POST request? When might each be used?
- **GET** - Requests data from a specified resource. **GET** GET is used to retrieve remote data.
- **POST** - Submits data to be processed to a specified resource. **POST** is used to insert/update remote data.

# What is a cookie (the technical kind, not the delicious kind)? How does it relate to HTTP requests?
A **cookie** is a small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. Its purpose is to remember information about you, similar to a preference file created by a software application.
Cookies are mainly used for these three purposes:
- Session management (user logins, shopping carts)
- Personalization (user preferences)
- Tracking (analyzing user behavior)

The server sends the following in its response header to set a cookie field.
```
Set-Cookie:name=value
```
If there is a cookie set, then the browser sends the following in its request header.
```
Cookie:name=value
```